You build mirror used by 100 million
people worldwide. Would you say you do
the same in 2025?
>> I would definitely focus on
>> This is Andre Cusid, CEO and co-founder
of Miro. He took a simple whiteboard
idea and turned it into an $18 billion
company. But in the past few years, the
way he builds has flipped completely.
Why?
>> The one thing that we didn't predict is
AI.
>> And that's changed everything. Even for
him,
>> you can't predict from my perspective
more than 12 months.
>> What do you think is going to happen in
12 months?
>> I don't know.
>> AI made building easy. The world is now
overflowing with products.
>> If you want to build something big, you
need to move really fast. [music] You
need to understand who you are, what you
are passionate about.
>> In the new era, the rules are simple and
brutal. And only those who know the main
secret will survive. The rest, they'll
disappear.
>> Andre, welcome to Silicon Valley Girl.
You build mirror used by 100 million
people worldwide. Let's talk about how
entrepreneurship has been changing in
the past few years. So mirror is this
>> innovation workspace.
>> Okay. But like initially it was a mind
map, right?
>> It was a whiteboard. We started with a
simple idea of bringing whiteboard into
a browser.
>> Pretty simple idea which grew to become
an almost $18 billion company. If
somebody who's starting out today and
has a simple idea, how do they
rationalize around how big it could get?
>> When I started the company, I haven't
thought about like how big it can be. I
was just thinking about how I can solve
the problem that I have. Uh because
before this business, I was running
creative agency. We had customers who
were in the same city with us and then
we had customers who were remote from
us. saw as an opportunity is to have uh
that shared space where you can
collaborate with customers who are
remote and that's how we kind of came up
with this simple idea of bringing
whiteboard into a browser and that time
like the only goal I had is uh to get to
break even business as fast as possible
so I had a team of 10 people and we were
trying to build um this product and then
we were rebuilding it uh after we
figured out some of the early kind of uh
signals that what we originally built is
not working actually. So everything that
we were doing is just trying to build
the product that will get to the break
even point and then we saw that a lot of
people were quite excited about the
product and we started to think how we
can scale but again it was not like we
had this ambition to build a
multi-billion dollar company that
>> but have you ever had that ambition or
it was just I just want to
>> not really it's like we were passionate
about the problem we're solving and yes
I understood that the market can be
quite big because there are a lot of
knowledge workers in the world who can
benefit from such a product. But it was
not like a thing that like I was uh
going to sleep and thinking how
[clears throat] it can be 100 million
users or whatever 1 billion users. More
about kind of uh picking up the right
problem, solving it and solving it best
in class. But also, yeah, you understand
that the market can be quite big if you
do it right. So the motivation uh back
in the day was uh to build something
that people would love using and that
passion about the product and the
product experience and like frictionless
experience and all that. But obviously
always when I'm building something I'm
thinking what is the market I'm playing
on and do I need to shift towards the
bigger market or not. Um because if you
are playing on a small market um that
can limit the the growth of the business
obviously
>> 100%. Do you remember the aha moment
when you were like oh my god this is
growing like this could be a really big
company. We saw kind of initial growth
in 2015 um when we moved from Flash to
HTML and at that time I clearly saw a
path to whatever 1 million 5 million in
revenue. Um and it was like great we
figured something out that can be uh
quite a big business for ourselves at
that time and we were like quite quite
quite excited about that. But then um in
uh 2018 2019
uh we start to see a pass 200 million.
Uh so that was quite clear that we
figured out how to do enterprise uh
sales and how to uh get into the
companies with our value proposition. Uh
and then when pandemic started it was
quite clear that this will be scaled uh
quite broadly. So when pandemic started
we had 5 million users uh globally and
then within 18 months it grew to 50
million.
>> Oh that is crazy people. So
>> did it go down after the pandemic or
people
>> it it flattened. So now we just passed
100 million users globally. Uh it took
us u what like another uh 36 months to
add another 50 million users on top of
50 million users that we had in 2022.
>> Fascinating. But it's uh still it's
growing quite fast and uh we developed
the platform uh quite a bit since then.
So we expanded from just being visual
collaboration to what we call now AI
innovation workspace where teams uh not
just kind of brainstorm or ideiate but
where they move from original idea to
the solution and to the delivery end to
end. So where they can progress from one
step to another and now with AI it's
kind of uh quite significant change
because it's not just uh you do the
steps manually but actually you
collaborate with AI and AI help you to
progress from one step to another to
another to another so you can get yeah
to that outcome super fast and that's
what we're passionate about now because
canvas is that modality for AI that uh
can be quite quite powerful
>> would you Hey, you grew to 1 million
people because of the product. But then
you figure out marketing strategy.
>> Yeah, originally everything we were
optimizing was a product experience. So
it's uh user experience and we were
optimizing for virality as much as
possible. So people come to the uh mural
and they start doing something and then
we were incentivizing them to invite
other people to collaborate was just
delightful experience because those
folks who were interacting with mirror
they were oh wow this thing exists and
oh wow what I can create with this so it
activated word of mouth so people were
sharing this with other folks um out
there
>> uh and then we added search uh
optimization um as a channel so those
three were our major growth channels.
And then after several years, once we
nailed those channels, uh we start to
kind of layer on top more intentional
marketing and more intentional sales,
but we had to build this organic
flywheel originally.
>> Would you say you do the same in 2025
when AI makes building products so easy
and every product looks kind of nice?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean I would definitely
focus on product market fit because um
yes uh it's now super cheap fast to
build product. The quality is
questionable still. You you need to
invest quite heavily into making it high
quality product but it's fast. The
fundamentals stay the same like if your
product is not solving the real problem
it will not grow fast. Uh brand matters
more than ever.
>> No trust right
trust. love mark um excitement about uh
the brand I think that's so so important
now
>> do you have any tips for finding the
product market fit do you talk to your
customers do you track particular
metrics
>> yeah now we are reinventing the next
horizon for our company and for our
business I spend a lot of time with
customers uh and there are different
ways how you can uh explore that product
market fit so it starts with a kind of
what's the problem you are solving uh is
it a real problem is it a big problem
and then uh you look at like how big is
the market
>> on which you are solving that problem.
So that should kind of come together
nicely. And then um once you kind of
figured out this is the problem, this is
the market, you go and you have
open-ended conversations with the
customers. Hey, I heard this might be a
problem for you. Can you elaborate why
and what? And so you uh prove or
disprove some of the hypothesis you
have. You also build prototypes because
sometimes especially in AI first
products and the products which require
a lot of this um very special user
experience especially in productivity
tools people will not tell you I need
this thing
>> you have to come up with a solution to
come
>> exactly you need to come up with a
solution so you'd better build a
prototype and you put it in front of the
customers and say hey how does it feel
hey does it solve your problem hey can
you play with this
>> how many customers
>> I mean it depends but in general like
you need to have like if you do deep
quality interviews it might be seven 10
up to 20 customers because then more or
less you understand the signal.
>> I've heard you talk about the failure
rate in your company that you have a
specific number in mind because if every
experiment is successful that means
you're not experimenting enough. What's
the failure rate and how did you end up
>> in general like I would say you want to
have a success rate of like whether 50
70%. Mhm.
>> And then you leave uh at least 30% for
failure rate. And it's across not just
kind of product experiments uh or like
growth experiments. It's also about even
acquisitions. Like if you are acquiring
companies and 100% of your acquisitions
are good, it means that maybe you're not
pushing the boundaries enough or if a
lot of that just fail, it's also not
right. So this is super important to
kind of have the portfolio and to have
uh some bets that are safer and makes
more sense in terms of hey this is how
we can quite predict what the outcome
would be in the experiment or
acquisition or anything you do but some
bets should be moonshots and those bats
should fail some of them should fail.
>> How far do you push? Because sometimes
you come up with an idea and it's not
working but then after some tweaks after
some market research you end up finding
the right fit. Is there a strategy
around that? Yeah, I think it's it's a
great question because um you always uh
try to figure out is it the problem that
we're solving is wrong or is it the
solution that we're playing is not maybe
perfect and yeah you have to uh if you
believe the problem is there and if you
believe this problem is solvable or
solvable better than it's solved today
you have to go and iterate it's totally
fine and uh I believe when I look at
like startups a lot of those startups
can do certain tweaks and get way
stronger product market fit. But some of
them just stop and their growth is very
dependent on the strength of the product
market fit. So it's uh all about like
the iteration on the solution and I know
like we are building this for 14 years
now. So we redesigned our onboarding I
don't know maybe hundreds of times
hundreds of times. There's no right or
wrong uh solution but the time changes
the preference of users changes the even
user experience that you can create can
change and we introduce completely new
interface and it's a separate mode it's
called AI canvas and this is a new set
of capabilities but it's kind of
experiment we don't know would
eventually it will merge into one
experience or we will keep it as a two
separate experiences
>> but we zoomed out and we thought yeah
what's our day one thinking if we create
the product today how it should look
like
>> and that's how we kind of came up with
the solution and now we'll see where the
users uh will gravitate towards and then
we will learn what works what doesn't
work and then we may kill that AI canvas
we may merge that AI canvas with the
core canvas the fundamentals that we
launch will remain I'm sure that those
capabilities that we've built are uh for
a long time but it's more about how you
kind position those capabilities as like
a separate mode. Is it same mode? Like
what's prioritized like the previous
experience versus new experience? You
never know.
>> Got it.
>> And that's what you have to learn.
[snorts]
>> Andrea mentioned something really
important. You have to build tools that
people trust and genuinely want to use.
And honestly, trust is one of the most
valuable currencies in tech right now.
And this really gets me thinking because
I use so many AI tools every single day.
my photos, my screenshots, my documents,
even my voice goes into an AI app. And
the market is exploding with new
services. And I'm always asking myself,
okay, I'm going to send this to this new
app. I don't know who's producing it.
What could happen? What might happen to
my data? User Centrics did some research
and it turns out many people feel the
same way. According to their data, 62%
of consumers feel like they've become
the product. 77%
don't understand how their data is
handled and 92% of Americans are
concerned about their privacy when using
the internet. This isn't just
statistics. This is real consumer
behavior and that affects the future of
your product. If you run a website or
online business, you might not even
realize you're unknowingly breaking
privacy laws. Most of us aren't lawyers
and the cost of getting it wrong can be
devastating. That's where Cookiebot CMP
comes in. It's an automated consent
management solution that scans your
website, identifies every cookie and
tracker, and manages user consent at
scale. It's Google certified and
automatically updates when regulations
change, covering CP, CCPA, e- privacy,
and more. Cookiebot integrates easily
with WordPress, Shopify, Wix, and other
popular platforms. Plans start at just
$8 a month, and it's even free for small
websites. If you're building something
you want people to trust and use, check
out Cookiebot by User Centrics. I've got
a special link in the description where
you can get 15% off for six months.
Thanks to User Centrics for sponsoring
this video. Now, let's get back to our
conversation about building products
people actually trust. So, you're
changing the product with AI. Uh, are
you changing your marketing in the AI
era?
>> We thought about that back in the day. I
didn't expect there will be AI and like
commoditization of software building but
in general I believe that you have to
stand out and that's how we came up with
the mirror name because originally the
company was called real time board and
that was quite literal board
>> mirror is a great name
>> yeah thank you so [snorts]
>> four letters
>> yeah yes ideal
>> uh for me there are three types of uh
names of the companies one is just name
whatever real time board descriptive
name another would be a brand like how
you can create a brand uh that people
know recognize and there are a lot of
names that we know there are brands and
then there is like love mark so when I
was uh thinking about this rebranding my
objective was to go from name to love
mark
>> how do you define love mark
>> it's something that when you hear you
have that kind of [laughter]
>> feeling and um for us uh uh this love
mark came from the inspiration of the
artist Juan Miro And the idea was we
want to be a canvas. So the canvas that
inspire people where the creative mind
is activated. Not like yet another
software, not yet another tool, but
being that like inspirational part of
the day-to-day work.
>> I actually like how you plan in
three-year missions. Is that right?
>> Yeah, we write painted picture. Uh so we
picked this uh practice from uh
Atlassian back in the day. Uh and the
idea is like you sit down and you uh as
a team kind of uh imagine what's the
future of the company and of the product
and like of our offering should look
like and you kind of synthesize that in
a couple pages and share with the whole
org and then you kind of uh go go
towards that. Last time we wrote this
painted picture was 2022. It's now kind
of coming to the end and actually we
executed quite well against that painted
picture. The one thing that we didn't
predict is AI in that paint pictures.
>> So we're now rewriting the whole thing
in terms of like uh how AI fits into
that vision and AI lends quite well into
the vision but also it kind of uh starts
to challenge some of the fundamentals of
that vision.
>> 2025 is when you're going to sit down
and predict the next three years.
>> I'm not sure that we're going to do it
this time.
>> Okay. And the reason why is like you
can't predict from my perspective more
than 12 months now.
>> What do you think is going to happen in
12 months?
>> I don't know.
>> I mean like uh the reality is that we
are getting into this super fast cycle
of innovation around both LLMs and also
it's not clear for me the consumers and
customers behavior in 12 months from
now. It's not clear like how much uh of
the software will be build versus buy.
Yeah, because anyone can build any app
for themselves. Well, not any but a lot
of apps can get now. I believe that like
bigger companies need to rely on
partners. They need to bring um proper
kind of enterprise set of capabilities
and we were building this for 10 years
like enterprise software. So it's not
like you can build a software that will
be secure and compliant and um all the
right things will be uh overnight
executed. But um you can build some
niche solutions, you can solve some
specific problems with agents and
whatnot. So it's quite hard to predict
uh what it would be and uh you have to
be extremely agile.
>> Oh yeah.
>> You still focus on the problem you are
trying to solve. So our mission is
empower teams to create the next big
thing and that mission stays relevant
from 2015.
>> I love that. I feel like this is how
every entrepreneur should be thinking
about building something like focus on
the mission. Exactly. But the details
that change
>> and then you [laughter] have to
progress. Exactly. So that's what kind
of guides me is like when I'm thinking
about what's next
>> and what should we do, what should we
not do, I'm like does it help us
progress the mission?
>> Yeah,
>> that's kind of the northstar
>> and do we empower teams to create the
next big thing better and better every
day? Okay,
>> that's kind of my paint the picture uh
for a longer term. But uh in a short to
middle term, you have to figure out
where you have permissions to play. And
then what's even more important, where
you have permissions to win because if
you don't understand where you have
permissions to win, there is like so
crowded marketplace now
>> you [clears throat] can get in the
corner and you will be out of the game
>> 100%.
>> So you have to pick up your battles.
>> Yeah. And what are the in the time
increments that you are thinking in now?
Is it?
>> Yeah, I mean weeks. Yeah, six six
months. Six months is uh what we kind of
have a plan for and what we commit for
and then we have like a bigger vision
that like 12 18 months. Let's put it
this way. But it's more like 12 rather
than 18 months because the pace of
change uh of for example models both in
terms of uh how they can impact the
product you are building
uh the problems to solve for customers
and how you can become a part of the
ecosystem that was announced a couple
days ago like uh we all uh saw that
[clears throat] openai a yeah where you
can embed
>> embed add like different products into
LLMs. That's quite a shift.
>> It is.
>> And they are becoming a platform.
>> Yes.
>> So, and store
>> and exactly and uh the distribution is
massive. So, what will be the behavior
of um uh at least early adopters in 6 12
months?
>> Exactly. What's going to happen to Chad
GPT first people? Right.
>> Exactly. We don't know that behavior.
>> Yeah.
>> But you want to be where your users are.
You want to continue solve the problems
that you can uniquely solve. That that's
a lot to think about like not only the
product but only the new ecosystems that
are
>> like all new ecosystem all the landscape
of different startups big small all the
big players uh we're midsize company
we're 1600 people correct like there are
hyperscalers there are startups and
there are mid-size companies and you
have to navigate that chessboard and
quite quite a lot and it's every day
changing every day. Do you think you're
more positive about building now versus
2011 when you started?
>> I'm more positive building now, which
may sounds crazy because um the
fundamental shift with LLMs
is redefining um the solution space like
you can solve problems uh that you can
solve uh before with one thing, you can
solve it now in five 10 different ways.
M
>> and I think that's uh that's fascinating
and that's exciting because the amount
of reinvention of the um interfaces
how the software performs how software
looks I think that there is a whole
reinvention of all different surfaces
interfaces and how jobs can be done and
I'm as a builder I'm quite excited about
that because uh yes uh you obviously
want to build kind of sustainable
uh company as a CEO I'm in charge of
that but also as a builder I'm like wow
that's fascinating it's like you are in
a candy shop and [snorts] you can see
all these kind of different
opportunities building blocks how you
can apply it dayto-day into uh building
solutions for customers and it's
fascinating how how much you can go and
do
>> okay the new mirror
AI version
>> exactly [laughter and clears throat]
yeah let's uh switch to AI canvas so I'm
clicking here
and you see it. Switch the toolbar here
and uh let's um use this use case where
we connect multiple reference points and
then synthesize it into an image. So I
add image here.
>> This is the product that you want to
see, right?
>> Yeah, this is the product we want to
see. This is the uh color style
reference and here is the location
reference. Something like that can be a
background. So we are wiring it all
together into this image placeholder.
We add here a prompt and we can select
model. We will use uh wow the stable
diffusion model here as a default.
>> So you can do like can you do nana
banana? No.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh nice. Oh that's awesome.
>> Let's see. Okay let's let's run it. So
it will now run on one step uh flow.
We're adding more and more modalities
every day and you can take an output
into any other kind of uh modality. So
for example while it's running we can
see what other options are there. So I
can um create a table uh or conbon
board. Yeah. Oh wow.
>> Oh wow. Interesting. Where did it get?
>> So the background is this kind of
similar. The style is this and then
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And then but this ladies uh I
>> can you ask it to remove the ladies like
can you follow up with
>> so what I can what what I can do I can
create kind of next uh steps like also
like create me three versions of this
image
>> or I can invoke a sidekick
and uh I can talk with the sidekick. You
see I selected one object
>> and now it can be conversational and I
can say remove uh ladies from this photo
>> and you can also ask it to come up with
a good prompt, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So you can ask to come up
with a good prompt. So uh one object
selected um let's see
>> can ask while I was thinking what was
the moment when you were like okay we're
going to change the whole product cuz
this is very new right as
>> yeah I mean first principles like before
people were collaborating and like
everything was manual so you put a thing
another person put a thing and then you
combine that
>> now you collaborate between multiple
people in the team and the AI so you
just need to bring AI into that workflow
>> I love this I feel like this is the
quality of the strongest founders.
They're like, "Okay, how can we reinvent
our product keeping the philosophy the
same, the problem the same? It looks the
same. It feels the same as mirror, but
what's under the hood is completely
different." Right.
>> So, iterate and then I can ask
>> quality. I love
>> Yeah. It's like it's not a banana. It's
amazing. So, then
>> what's the one quality that you think is
the most important now for builders?
>> I think just continuous curiosity is
critical. Critical thinking is also
super important because if you just
build build without understanding the
kind of playground
um without understanding where you can
actually win um you you can't go too far
without that I mean resilience um I was
speaking recently at the event with a
founder he said hey I just kind of
started my first company I've been um in
in the corporate environment for a while
uh and I'm like a few months in and The
amount of change I see every day is just
crazy. And I'm overwhelmed. I'm like,
"Yeah, welcome, [laughter]
welcome, welcome to the
>> It's only going to get worse from here."
>> It's only getting worse. Like in the
next several years, it only will get
worse because again, like what we just
discussed, the amount of builders, the
amount of software, the amount of other
startups outside of software will grow
because obviously a will turn into
physical AI. We'll see a bunch of things
that will be a part of our physical life
and how that experience will be
reinvented in the next few years. It's
going to be more and more overwhelming.
>> But for those who love this uh kind of
ambiguity, [clears throat]
who love to navigate um this kind of
complexities,
um I think it's great time because
there's so much to figure out. So, if I
told you uh I can delete 14 years uh and
put you in the same position as you were
in 2011, would you start all over again
or
>> I I I would absolutely do it. Um and
it's been quite a journey. Um and uh for
me what excites me is like what I can
learn every day.
>> I I heard Sergey Brin answer that
question and he thought for a second he
was like nah too [laughter] competitive.
No, I mean, no, that that's that's very
true. So, it's super competitive,
>> but again, like um if you love building,
if you love exploring, massive unknown
um situation, but it's hard for me to
kind of
>> go back in time and think about who who
I was at that time, who I am now. True.
Of course like if if you ask me if I
would not run mirror today would I go
and start the company from scratch now
and like sign up for next 20 years I
will like think twice because last 15
years were quite quite a journey
[laughter]
>> and it's still like a journey it's quite
intense journey uh but if you ask me hey
you haven't built anything in life but
you love building uh would you start it
from scratch now it's like absolutely
yes What would you build? Where do you
see the most opportunity?
>> Uh this is a great question. I think
it's again about like what's your
passion area. I I I call it uh founder
market fit. So you need to understand
who you are, what you are passionate
about because for example, I'm not the
person who will build the best
operations business. I would not even
try do that. There are people who are
way better than me in building like uh
heavy operation uh oriented business.
I'm uh more on the kind of product
design like thinking about the
experiences that don't exist and like
how you can uh bridge what people think
they need and what they actually need.
Like I love that type of stuff and I I I
love building um products in in this
space but this space is quite quite
crazy.
>> [laughter]
>> So it's like in productivity
collaboration space is hard because um
LLMs took over all the attention from
the productivity perspective and then
those companies uh who are not building
AI native solutions they kind of uh
struggle more because there are no like
priorities on budgets allocation and
whatn not.
>> Mhm.
>> And that is uh existential for us. So we
were top of mind for a lot of companies
um like bigger enterprises in 2021 where
they wanted to kind of increase
productivity and bring collaborative
solutions. But then in 2023 after chat
GPT moment everyone start to focus okay
how we bring LLMs.
>> Yeah.
>> And then now what uh we just launched is
this bridge between single player AI and
multiplayer AI. So before you were
working individually with the LLMs and
increase your individual productivity.
Uh but we thought that there will be
great value if we create this team based
productivity where you can move from
discovery of the project to the solution
and to delivery as a team together with
AI.
>> Oh interesting.
>> Because what's most important is not
like your individual gains.
>> What most important is how fast you as a
team move through the whole project.
Yeah, because if you increase your
individual productivity but the project
takes the same 6 months, it doesn't
increase the output or outcome of the of
the project.
>> I like how you told that with AI now
when you have a team meeting, you walk
out of the meeting with a solution
that's already there.
>> That's already there. Exactly. Because
before we had this uh experience where
you come to the meeting and you workshop
ideas and like the outcome of the
meeting would be sticky notes on the
wall or on the mirrorboard. Uh then you
take another week someone will summarize
things send it back to the team and
while people receive it like the energy
already lost then you have to contribute
then it takes another few weeks someone
take it and break down into projects
another several weeks or months someone
come up with this prototype then you go
test but can we collapse all that into a
few hours of the workshop
>> love it
>> from the very first iteration ideiation
to that output that we can put in front
of the customer that prototype or have
that full project plan that is
decomposed by different team members
>> and you can do all that during a call
right
>> you can do it in mirror during your
session instead of like spreading across
months of uh work so there are a lot of
industries where the whole solution have
to be reinvented from scratch
>> and that's where I see like this
vertical AI companies can uh scale super
fast and are so much um to to solve.
>> What's your favorite market that you're
looking at?
>> I think legal is quite impressive.
Obviously, coding is a big market now
and like a lot of um kind of reinvention
happening. So, because um there's a lot
of opportunity for engineers to kind of
focus more now on context engineering
and aligning on what to build uh versus
just kind of uh writing code and there
is like a big shift happening there. Uh
and there are a lot of other like areas
where marketing is another big one. It
is
>> so how you kind
>> content
>> come up with the content how you put it
in the right channel how you optimize
for ROI.
>> Before you had to do every step manually
now you have uh companies who are
redesigning the whole end to end process
and it will be uh quite agentic in terms
of decision- making. So yeah I mean I
see it across across the board. We are
like now maybe uh purchasing more than
30 40 AI startups for different jobs to
be done.
>> Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah. So we have this fast track in the
company.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh to experiment see the value and where
we see that value roll out but um it
will not happen forever. you either kind
of scale your startup fast and break
break out from that early adopters um
circle or uh someone who will be uh kind
of playing in that space for a while
they will catch up consolidation will
happen and my guess it will happen quite
fast like in the next 18 24 months
>> so move fast
>> yeah if you want to build something big
you need to move really fast
>> what is the book that changed your
mindset as entrepreneur
>> high growth handbook uh was a great book
that I read like around four or five
years ago. It's a collection of
different uh insights from uh CEOs who
scale the company super fast. It's been
quite insightful because uh I don't live
here in the Bay Area. Uh so I live in
Europe and uh
>> why don't you move?
>> Why should I?
>> I know everything's happening here.
>> I mean like I love uh I love
Netherlands. Uh
>> okay. [laughter]
>> And I I I just kind of live there. So
you can't go like every day for a dinner
and like learn from those who scale this
fast just there are not that many
companies there and this book kind of
>> here you can
>> here you can I mean I come quite often
here I
>> I come quite often here but for those
who are um building business in their
hometowns or wherever they want to live
it's always uh important to see is like
how the most successful companies were
built especially not those that were
built 10 15 20 years ago But those that
were built recently and uh that book
quite well summarizes high output
management uh was a big book for me. Uh
when I kind of started to scale the
business I was trying to understand what
are the fundamentals that I need to
understand and learn. So I reread it uh
multiple times. That's a great book
also.
>> Your three favorite AI apps right now.
>> I mean granola is number one.
>> Yeah.
>> Note takingaking, right?
>> Uh note takingaking. Yes. And um it's uh
it's beautiful because it combines my
personal notes with like AI note taking
and just enhance my notes. That's kind
of a beautiful app. Obviously like I use
uh perplexity
um entropic products. So it's like I
switch between all of them all the time
for different jobs to be done. Uh and of
course mirror. What is the thing that
everyone should tell themselves every
morning? They're waking up, they're
building something, what can keep them
going?
>> Do I love what I am doing? And if the
answer is yes, just that's the best
energy. That's yeah, you keep grinding.
So that's the B energy boost because um
if you wake up and you don't like what
you're doing or you don't like with who
you're doing this or something else,
just you should not.
>> I love it. Thank you so much. It was an
awesome conversation. a lot of key
takeaways.
>> It's been great to have a chat with you.
Thank you for having me.